Copyright Statement & General Terms of Service
----------------------------------------------

Copyright © 2008 BOXEE. All rights reserved.

Terms of Service

TERMS OF SERVICE FOR BOXEE SOFTWARE, SITE AND SERVICES

Thanks for using Boxee! For the sake of simplicity and consistency, these Terms
of Service apply to all of our members, including those who download our
software in binary form, and those who sign up for a Boxee Online Web account.
Accordingly, there are some provisions below relating to the use of our software
which necessarily apply only to those of our members who have downloaded the
software in binary form. All other terms and provisions apply to all of our
members.

Important—Read carefully: These Terms of Service for Boxee Software (including,
but not limited to, binary code, graphic assets and/or their placement (i.e. "
Skin"), sounds) Site and Services (these "Terms of Service") together constitute
 a legal agreement between you (an individual, not an entity) and Boxee, Inc., a
Delaware corporation, and its suppliers and its licensors (collectively "Boxee")
with respect to Boxee software (together with all prior and subsequent versions,
and all patches and updates thereto, the "Software"), the boxee.tv Web site,
including all subpages under the Web site (collectively, the "Site" or "Sites")
and all other services provided to you by Boxee either through the Software or
through Web access to the Site (collectively, the "Services"). These Terms of
Service apply to all versions of the Software. By clicking on the "Accept"
button or otherwise using or accepting the Software, Site and/or Services, you
agree to be bound by the terms of these Terms of Service. If you do not agree to
these terms of service, do not click on the "Accept" button and do not use the
Software, Site or Services. You agree that your use of the Software, Site and/or
Services acknowledges that you have read these Terms of Service, understand
them, and agree to be bound by these Terms of Service.

The Software, Site and Services provided to you under these Terms of Service is
for your personal and non-commercial use only.

1. Description of Services. Boxee provides you with the capability of playing
media from your local network or from the Internet, and share experiences with
your friends and the world. Additional features may be added to the Software,
Site and Services and made available to you from time to time. You understand
and agree that Boxee may provide updates, patches and/or new versions of the
Software from time to time, with or without notice. You also understand and
agree that the Site and the Services may include advertisements and that these
advertisements are necessary for Boxee to provide the Services.

2. Personal License. Boxee grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable license
for the Software to access the Services. Under this license you may only: (i)
use the Boxee for your personal and non-commercial use; (ii) make one copy of
the Software in machine readable form solely for back-up purposes, provided that
you reproduce all proprietary notices on the copy.

3. Restrictions. a) You may not: (i) prepare derivative works based on the
Software; (ii) reproduce the Software except as specifically provided in this
Agreement; (iii) sell, assign, transfer, license, sublicense, publish, disclose,
display, or otherwise make available the Software or copies thereof in any form
whatsoever to any third parties or use the Software for any third party's data
processing, computing, or other needs; (iv) modify, translate, reverse engineer,
decompile, or disassemble the Software, subject to applicable law to the
contrary; or (v) remove any proprietary notices, labels, or other identifying
marks on the Software. These Terms of Service shall not be interpreted as
granting to you any license or right not expressly granted herein. This license
is not a sale. All rights to the software not expressly granted herein are
reserved by Boxee or its suppliers.

b) You agree that you shall only use the Software, Site and Services in a manner
that complies with all applicable laws and court orders in the jurisdictions in
which you use the Software, Site and Services, including, but not limited to,
applicable restrictions concerning privacy, copyright and other intellectual
property rights.

c) You may not use the Software, Site or Services to send unsolicited,
promotional mass electronic email messages or notifications to one or more
recipients or systems (known as "spamming"). Any promotional electronic
messages, which are sent in an unsolicited manner to 10 or more recipients, or
any series of unsolicited promotional electronic messages to a single user, will
be considered as spamming. Spamming also includes (i) sending messages to
distribution lists, newsgroup aliases, or group aliases, and (ii) sending
messages to recipients who do not know you or who are unlikely to recognize you
as a known contact.

d) You may not use the Software, Site or Services to upload, post, e-mail,
otherwise transmit, or post links to: (i) any unsolicited or unauthorized
advertising or promotional materials; or (ii) content which is harmful,
threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene,
pornographic, libelous, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, hateful, or
racially, sexually, ethnically or otherwise objectionable.

e) You may not use the Software, Site or Services if you are under the age of 13
or to solicit or collect any information from children under the age of 13.

4. Limited Warranty. Boxee makes and you receive no warranties, express,
implied, statutory, or otherwise, and Boxee specifically disclaims any implied
warranties of merchantability, noninfringement and fitness for a particular
purpose with respect to the software or services. Boxee does not warrant that
the Software or Services will meet your requirements or that the Software or
Services will be error free. This limitation or exclusion of warranties may be
subject to exceptions in local jurisdictions.

5. Boxee's Right to Terminate or Modify Terms of Service and Services. Boxee may
modify these Terms of Service upon notice to you at any time. These
modifications may include, without limitation, charging for the Software, Site
and/or Services. Boxee may provide notice to you of any such modification by e-
mail or by publishing the changes on its Web site. In the event Boxee modifies
these Terms of Service, you may terminate your use of the Software, Site and the
Services. Boxee may also terminate your right to use the Software, Site and/or
Services at any time for any reason. Without limiting the prior sentence, your
right to use the Software, Site and Services will automatically terminate if you
fail to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Service. No notice
shall be required from Boxee to effect such an automatic termination. Upon any
termination of your right to use the Software, Site and Services, you shall
immediately discontinue use of the Software, Site and the Services.

6. Personal Information and Privacy. You are required to have a Boxee account to
use the Services. Personal information you provide to Boxee is governed by
Boxee's privacy policy (the "Boxee Privacy Policy"). Click here to view the
Boxee Privacy Policy. Your election to use the Services, indicates your
acceptance of the terms of the Boxee Privacy Policy, so please review it
carefully if you have any questions about Boxee's treatment of personal
information you provide to us. You are responsible for maintaining the
confidentiality of your password and Your Account Information (name and e-mail
address). You are responsible for all activities that occur in your account and
you agree to notify Boxee immediately of any unauthorized account use. Boxee is
in no way responsible for any loss or damages that you may incur as a result of
any unauthorized use of your user account and password.

7. Title. Title, ownership, rights, and intellectual property rights in and to
the Software, Site and Services shall remain in Boxee and/or its suppliers. The
Software, Site and Services are protected by the copyright laws of the United
States and other countries, and by international copyright treaties. Title,
ownership rights and intellectual property rights in and to the content accessed
through the Services shall be retained by the applicable content owner and may
be protected by applicable privacy, copyright or other laws.

8. Limitation of Liability. to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law,
in no event shall Boxee or its suppliers be liable for any consequential,
incidental, indirect, special, punitive, or other damages whatsoever or for
damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, computer failure,
loss of business information, or other pecuniary loss arising out of these Terms
of Service or the use of or inability to use the Software, Site or Services,
even if Boxee has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Your sole and
exclusive remedy for any dispute with Boxee related to these Terms of Service or
the Software, Site or Services shall be cancellation of the Software License and
Services. In the event a court awards direct damages despite the foregoing, such
damages shall not exceed $10.00. Because some states/jurisdictions do not allow
the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental
damages, the above limitation may not apply to you.

9. Indemnification. You agree to hold harmless, indemnify and defend Boxee, its
officers, directors and employees, from and against any losses, damages, fines
and expenses (including attorneys' fees and costs) arising out of or relating to
any claims that you have (i) used the Software, Site or Services in violation of
another party's rights or in violation of any law, or (ii) violated any terms of
these Terms of Service.

10. Export Restrictions. You cannot export or re-export the Software in any form
without the appropriate United States and foreign government licenses. You will
not, directly or indirectly, export or transfer the Software to any country to
which transmission is prohibited by applicable statute. Your failure to comply
with this provision is a material breach of these Terms of Service.

11. U.S. Government Restricted Rights. The Software and accompanying
documentation are provided with restricted rights. Use, duplication or
disclosure by the U.S. Government is subject to the restrictions as set forth in
subparagraph(c)(1)(ii) of DFARS 252.227-7013 (The Rights in Technical Data and
Computer Software) or subparagraphs(c)(1) and (2) of 48 CFR 52.227-19 (the
Commercial Computer Software--Restricted Rights), as applicable. Developer is
Boxee, Inc., 18 Stuyvesant Rd. Montvale, NJ 07645.

12. User Age Restriction. The Services, Software and Site are not intended for
and may not be used by children under the age of 13. You may not use the
Software or Services or access the Site unless you are at least such age.

13. Miscellaneous.
a) No Assignment. The Software and Services are personal to you, and may not be
assigned without Boxee's express written consent.

b) Governing Law; Jurisdiction. These Terms of Service are governed by the laws
of New York, excluding its choice of law provisions. You agree to bring and
defend any actions related to these Terms of Service exclusively in the state of
federal courts located in Manhattan County, New York. These Terms of Service
will not be governed by the United Nations Convention of Contracts for the
International Sale of Goods, the application of which is hereby expressly
excluded.

c) Injunctive Relief. To the extent that you have breached or have indicated
your intention to breach these Terms of Service in any manner which violates or
may violate Boxee's intellectual property rights, or may cause continuing or
irreparable harm to Boxee (including, but not limited to, any breach that may
impact Boxee's intellectual property rights, or a breach by reverse engineering)
, Boxee may seek injunctive relief, or any other appropriate relief, in any
court of competent jurisdiction.

d) Complete Agreement. These Terms of Service shall constitute the complete and
exclusive agreement between us, notwithstanding any other written instrument
submitted by you, whether formally rejected by Boxee or not. The terms and
conditions contained in these Terms of Service may not be modified by you except
in a writing duly signed by you and an authorized representative of Boxee. If
any provision of these Terms of Service is held to be unenforceable for any
reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make it
enforceable, and such decision shall not affect the enforceability of such
provision under other circumstances, or of the remaining provisions hereof under
all circumstances.
